hello you love i thought so
make a last minute today
Christmas present and one
You can make homemade raspberry vinegar
charge him for delicatessen for a lot of money
but you can buy it completely
Just do it yourself and as a present
he is very popular i actually do
every year in portions for different
those of the first over the year then people
has gone out the order always after
so try it out really is
Simply you only need two ingredients and
it actually works much easier
no more
it takes a while until it does
It's done because you just have it
We have to let it stop for a while
christmas the week is already enough
if you still have one yourself
wanted to start the bottle that the
maybe even a week longer
then he go a little bit more
I wish you a lot of fun thank you
that you have turned on if it is you
At the end, we liked it
I'm positive if the others
you want to see videos subscribe to me her
can you ask me ask
suggestions
if you see any recipes
just get in touch with me and
then I wish you a lot now
fun with the video
We need 500 milliliters for that
white balsamic and 300 grams of raspberries
currently most likely ive
The raspberries will fill her up
just put it in a big glass
preserving jars, for example, of cucumbers
or from Schattenmorellen on it goes
you then the white balsamic to the
are covered with it
and then you just make lids
on it and shake the whole thing
bit and makes it to the window in
the sun
Do you leave it like that for a week or two?
stand and shakes the once a day
so a bit through when the time around
you take a sieve and pours that
whole from him
give her in the trash or whatever
always wanted to do with it and the
vinegar left over the cook the
once on and if you want you can
then filter it through by filtration
a fitting her towel or kitchen towel
so that all the cloudy substances are out
and then just fill it in one
nice bottle I link you below
in the infobox an online shop of
have sold beautiful bottles
I always imagine whole cartons and
that always arrives very well and done
is the hit of the acid I do not have
said simply two ingredients
you can try go wrong
just from the sixpack totally delicious
Lettuce and I wish you all
quite a lot of fun while imitating
next time
and if you see more videos
I want to link you here again
the butter and the cantuccini
two more Christmas recipes